Hello everyone, this is Mr. Brain Junkie here!
and today we're gonna be talking about a supernatural
thriller film called death note part 1, be
ready for some spoilers ahead!
In the night sky of the Tokyo city, a note
book falls down from above, onto the streets,
and the words death note appears on top of
the cover.
A person picks it up and begins writing a
name on the blank page, while a criminal is
running away from the pursuit of the police.
The man takes a woman hostage and threatens
to kill her, but suddenly begins convulsing
in pain and dies on the floor to what appears
to be a heart attack.
The mysterious man writes another name, and
the corrupt government official who avoided
prosecution dies of a sudden heart attack
as well.
The man continues to write names of criminals
on the pages, and the people begin dying one
by one, regardless of their locations.
This causes people to panic as the government
thinks it might be a virus or a pathogen,
but others believe that it's the work of a
god from the underworld know as Kira.
The incidents received mixed opinions as some
people believe that Kira is a criminal for
bypassing the law, but many also thinks that
he's a savior of humanity.
a young man who's name is light looks at the
news from the intersection, where the police
are trying to arrest a man who's taken numerous
people hostage.
He takes out the note book and writes the
criminal's name, and moments later, the hostages
are freed after the man died mysteriously.
It turns out that he is the deity known as
Kira and the person responsible for the mass killings
Light is a college student who's recently
passed the bar's examination and desires to
work in the criminal field of the legal system.
He goes to have lunch with his girlfriend
Shiori, and the two debates about whether
if Kira is helping humanity.
The girl thinks that no individual should
have the power to execute another person,
as that would defeat the purpose of the legal
system,
but Light thinks that the laws are flawed
as it allows too many criminals to go unpunished.
Apparently, he hacked into the police database
and saw numerous criminal cases dropped for
various reasons, and the media kept this secret
as to avoid public outrage.
Light personally tracked down one of the criminals
and saw the man's arrogance while confessing
proudly about the killings to his friends.
The criminal notices light watching them,
and proceeds to intimidate the man, while
boasting that no one can put him in jail due
to his plea for insanity.
From that moment on, light no longer believes
in the legal system, but what he didn't tell
the girl was what happened to him after.
He walks out from the bar in shock after the
encounter and throws away his textbook about
law but at the same time, he notices the black
book that is lying on the floor.
He goes back home and opens the strange book,
only to see a list of rules, where the first
one states that whoever's name is written
inside will die.
He looks at the news where a criminal was
charged with killing his girlfriend, and proceeds
to write the person's name on the blank page,
but doubts that anything will happen.
The next morning, after waking up to have
breakfast, light notices on the newspaper
that the criminal has died mysteriously, and
realizes that the book may have the power
to kill after all.
Light goes to the criminal he saw in the bar
earlier, and decides to end his life by writing
the name down.
Shockingly, the man begins screaming in pain
and dies in front of everyone.
While still in a state of disbelief, light
meets a terrifying creature on his way home,
who claims to be a god of death named, Ryuk,
and the original owner of the notebook.
The creature explains that anyone who touches
the death note is able to see the death Gods
and use the notebook's power to kill.
Light inquires about what the monster wants
for the book, but Ryuk tells him to keep it
without conditions.
However, the creature warns him that the death
note always brings it's user misery and suffering.
Four months, the police investigators are
still puzzled by the deaths, but the chief
investigator, Yagami, strongly believes that
these are in fact murders by the same person.
He goes to his superior's office and gets
a surprise visit from Watari, who speaks on
behalf of a legendary detective, known simply
as L.
The old man takes out a laptop, where L speaks
through to the police officers.
He tells them that the incidents are not naturally
occurring, as it doesn't fit any previous
models of disasters.
It's also unlikely that Kira is working with
other, because the chances of getting caught
increases dramatically with additional accomplices.
With the people that he killed, Kira would
need at least 80 people working under him,
but so far the killer has been successful
100 percent of the time.
When Yagami inquires about the apparent contradictions,
L refuses to explain further and goes back
offline.
The police chief tells Yagami that he'll be
working with L from now on, in the effort
of capturing the mass killer Kira.
Meanwhile, Light is celebrating the success
of lowering the city's crime rates dramatically,
and gives Ryuk an apple which the creature
seems to love.
He sees a news flash on tv, where a man who
claims to be L promises the people that he'll
catch Kira, and proceeds to insult the killer
repeatedly.
In a fit of rage, Light quickly writes the
name of the speaker that's present on the
name tag, and the man on the television dies
of a heart attack after exactly 40 seconds.
Just when he thinks everything is going as
planned, L begins talking to Kira through
the television, confirming that the killer
is in Tokyo, as the broadcast was only made
in the city.
The man that just died was a convict on death
roll, who was arrested in secret without the
public's notice.
L promises to catch Kira personally and claims
to be the true justice.
This challenge infuriate light, as Ryuk laughs
hysterically at both of them.
At the same time, L informs the investigation
team about further leads that he found regarding
the killings, after compiling the murders
and their time of death.
The data shows that Kira kills on the schedule
of a university student, as no one has died
on weekdays when classes are present.
However, Light quickly realizes their findings
as well, when he searches through the police
database.
This prompts him to begin killing criminals
1 per hour, and throwing off the supposed
pattern.
The investigators are confused by this, by
L states that this only proves that Kira can
manipulate the time of death, and also that
he's connected to one of the investigators
of this case.
One day, light is walking with the death god
in the park, and notices that strangely the
monster is not eating the apple like usual.
The man quickly realizes that they are being
followed and scolds Ryuk for not telling him
sooner, but the death God tells light that
he has no obligation to help either side.
At home, Ryuk explains to light that he takes
away the remaining life of anyone who was
killed by the note book and adds it to his
own.
He also reveals that he can see the names
of everyone and their time of death.
He tries to offer this power to light, at
the cost of half of his remaining life, but
the man refuses, knowing that this is nothing
but a desperate measure.
Light plans to win their battle by intelligence
alone, and flips through the notebook revealing
another rule, where he's able to control the
manner in which someone dies in addition to
the time.
He tries out this ability by manipulating
the convicts into killing themselves in very
specific ways, which confuses the investigators
even more, but not L, who realizes that Kira
is experimenting.
After confirming that the method does work
in controlling his victims, he sees a criminal
on the television and begins planning for
his next move.
The next day, the mysterious man continues
to follow light as he takes the public transit
with his girlfriend.
The man gets on the bus and sits behind the
main character, but light confronts the person
directly for following him.
Their conversation is cut short when the criminal
that light saw on television last night takes
the bus as well, and begins threatening the
bus driver.
Light tells the man behind that he plans to
confront the criminal by himself, which forces
the man to stop him and show him the badge
as credential, but also revealing his name
as Raye.
Light drops a piece of the notebook on the
floor, and the criminal begins rushing towards
them, suspecting that they are trying to save
the bus.
He picks up the paper and threatens to shoot,
but gets shocked when he sees Ryuk at the
back of the bus, after touching the death
note.
The criminal fires at the deity numerous times
with no effect, and runs off the bus in fear,
but gets killed by a car that crashes into
him.
In turns out that this was part of a specific
note written by light beforehand, and the
criminal died exactly the way he wanted.
He tells the police officer to ask him questions
directly, as he'll never hide from the authorities.
Raye goes back home still thinking about the
case, but his fiancé Naomi reminds him that
they have to go to the church as they are
getting married very soon.
She worries about Raye and tells him to be
careful, as Kira is very dangerous, but the
man laughs and reminds her that she took on
more dangerous missions when she was working
with L.
On the other side, Light realizes that L must've
sent numerous agents following anyone that
was a potential suspect.
He thinks that the only way to kill Raye without
suspicions is if he kills all the agents at
the same time.
After making plans with Raye to see the father,
the man rushes out and tells her that he must
attend to something else, leaving Naomi with
a strange feeling.
Raye goes to the subway station while his
fiancé follows him onto the train.
He takes an envelope and sits down beside
another man.
To his shock, the documents were left to him
by Kira and when he puts on the earphone,
a distorted voice confirms being the mass
killer.
In order to prove that this is real, light
kills the man sitting beside Raye, who's a
criminal that managed to escaped the legal
system.
Of course, he planned this ahead of time and
positioned the man right beside where Raye
is supposed to sit.
After seeing the man die as predicted, light
tells Raye to write down every single name
of the agents assigned by L, threatening to
kill him if he doesn't.
The man takes out the pieces of paper prepared
by light and begins writing the names down.
Light then tells Raye to leave the envelope
and exit the train.
Naomi sees her fiancé and calls out for his
name, but the man feels a heart attack and
faints to the ground.
Before his death, he sees that Kira is actually
the person he was following this whole time,
and points towards the train before he dies.
Light goes back to retrieve the envelope and
reveals that he planned for the agents to
all die the same way.
In fact, he orchestrated this whole meeting
with Raye as part of the man's death from
the very beginning.
After realizing that Kira is now killing police
officers, the majority of the investigation
team resigns, leaving only 6 members left.
The group expresses their desire to meet L
in person, as they feel that it's unfair for
everyone to risk their lives while the mysterious
detective hides in a safe place.
L agrees to their request and orders Watari
to bring them inside.
When they enter the hotel room, the group
is surprised to see that L is a pale man who
doesn't really like shoes.
They are further troubled by his demeanor,
which reveals that he treats this as nothing
more than a game.
However, his deductive reasonings are extremely
impressive as he figured out that Kira can
control a person's behavior before they die.
Yagami warns the man that this is not a game,
but L replies that it doesn't matter as their
objects are the same.
At the same time, Naomi also begins searching
for the person responsible for her fiancé's
death.
She manages to find the bus driver that was
present during the shooting, and discovers
that light was the one her fiancé was following.
The woman eventually finds Shiori and confirms
that light was on the same bus with Raye.
She tells the girl that she thinks light is
connected with all the killings by Kira.
On the other side, the investigators begin
reviewing all the footages of the dead agents,
and L notices that when Raye died, he was
pointing towards the train, as if he knew
Kira's identity.
He tells the team about his findings and reveals
the suspects most likely to be Kira, which
includes the chief investigator's son.
L wants to place cameras everywhere inside
the suspect's household, which enrages everyone,
but Yagami eventually agrees, knowing that
it's only way to clear his family's name.
Meanwhile, light begins preparing for L as
he writes down the criminal's names a week
ahead, just in case if he was put in a position
where he couldn't kill anymore.
Ryuk is impressed with the man's diligence,
but quickly gets distracted by the television
as he stares intriguingly at a girl who's
performing for her show.
The next day while reading the book of Nietzsche,
Light gets a visit from Naomi.
the woman gives him a business card with a
fake name, and proceeds to accuse him of being
Kira.
Light refutes this accusation, but secretly
begins writing the woman's name on the paper.
He tells his girlfriend to leave as he claims
that this is a waste time.
However, Naomi stops him while he's leaving
and tells light that the name she gave was
fake.
She reveals that Raye was her fiancé, and
promises that she will put Kira behind bars.
Light goes home and before he enters his room,
he notices that someone was inside before,
by the broken lead on the floor which he placed
earlier on the hinges for security.
He begins thinking about what's going on,
but decides to leave the house to reassess
the situation.
He tells Ryuk to look for the cameras and
promises him apples for his reward.
at the same time, the investigators continue
to monitor the household, but finds nothing
suspicious.
L tells the people that the only way to exclude
light from being a suspect is by having a
murder occur while the man is under supervision.
After many days, of watching the family, a
criminal finally dies while light is not doing
anything suspicious.
This doesn't convince L, as the crime needs
to be after the cameras were installed, because
Kira is able to manipulate the time of death
for his victims.
on the 7th day of supervision, light takes
a bag of chips after dinner and begins studying
while having the snacks.
The investigators watches the cameras as they
hear on the news that a criminal was arrested
for kidnapping.
Surprisingly, moments after the announcement,
the criminal dies of a heart attack, which
is a signature way of killing by Kira.
The investigators are exhilarated, knowing
that this proofs that light is innocent, as
there is no way he could be responsible for
the man's death.
However, L is clearly not convinced as he
stares at the camera in shock.
He tells Watari to remove the bugs from the
household as Kira has clearly figured out
how to bypass the system.
The officers congratulate Yagami for clearly
his family's name, but the chief notices that
L is visibly unsettled by the results.
It is revealed that Light was able to kill
the criminal after all by hiding a radio inside
the bag of chips and writing the criminal's
name on the paper.
Later that day, L receives a phone call from
Naomi, who promises that she's going to reveal
Kira's identity by risking her own life.
light receives a call from his girlfriend,
telling him to go to the art gallery for a
date.
It turns out that this was part of Naomi's
plan as she points a gun at the girl.
L monitors the situation quickly, while Yagami
is furious that his son is still the prime
suspect, and calls the police to surround
the building.
Light rushes to the art gallery, only to find
that his girlfriend is being held at gun point.
Naomi threatens to kill the girl in front
of light if he doesn't admit to being Kira,
but the main character continues to refute
her accusations.
The police arrives quickly which distracts
the woman, and Shiori runs away at this opportunity.
Naomi points her gun at the girl and fires,
shooting Shiori right in the chest.
Light runs towards his girlfriend and cries
while she dies in his arms.
Naomi looks at the situation in shock and
shoots herself as the police tries their best
to stop her.
However, Light reveals that he planned for
Naomi's death from the very beginning, as
he noticed that the woman was getting married
in a church when Raye died and discovered
her real name by visiting the father.
Light planned for Naomi to kidnap his girlfriend
and eventually shoot herself at the end.
When the death god inquires about his sadness
for shiori, Light reveals that he planned
for her death as well.
Since you can't use the death note to make
someone kill, he simply made the situation
impossible to happen unless the shot that
Naomi fired ends up killing his girlfriend.
He only wrote that Shiori would be killed
by a gunshot, but since Naomi was the only
one carrying a gun in the whole building,
the death note had to make her the killer.
Ryuk is surprised to learn what light did,
and claims that he's much worse than any death
God that exists, because the girl truly did
love him.
Yagami tries to comfort his son about the
girlfriends death, and light takes the opportunity
to ask permission for joining the investigation
team, claiming that he must avenge his girlfriend.
A voice yells to welcome light to the team
as both man turns around, only to see that
L has chosen to appear in public.
He takes out the same chips that light was
eating, showing that he knows about how light
was able to commit the murders.
The two men stare at each other as they both
realize that a new round of battle is about
the commence.
So what do you guys think about this movie?
Let me know in the comments below! and if
you like my video, please press like and subscribe
for more!
I'll see you guys next time!